When we work with see it says grid there is also a min max function available to us which is a very
very nifty function.
So in this video I would like to cover it in more detail.
So first and foremost notes getter of old stuff.
So it on it so no one either.
Let me make sure that I don't lead the curly braces that is going to stay.
And now let's imagine the scenario.
So let's say I do have three fractions correct but I don't like the fact that as my screen size gets
smaller all of them get smaller.
Now I would be OK with cell number one and cell number three.
Similarly some number four in cell number six.
But the second column I would want to have some kind of mean with whether or not it was gonna be three
hundred pixels or two hundred pixels essentially I would want my second column to stay some kind of
minimal with.
Otherwise as you can see the moment my screen size gets bigger it's awesome of them get bigger.
But the moment it get smaller all of them shrink.
So how do we do that.
Well first of all let's change this and let's just write one fraction one fraction and one fraction
right now.
Technically we didn't do anything correct.
We had a repeat function.
Now we just rewrote with 1 fraction 1 fraction 1 fraction.
However for the middle column because this is where I would like to applied.
And of course we can use the same thing for the first column.
Third Column or write on all fifty five thousand column.
Doesn't matter I'm just showing you the middle one because I think it's just gonna be easier to see
that.
So let's write min max and then within the min max function we need to supply two values first of all
is going to be well what would be the minimal value for our column more for a row.
So in our case it's after the column so I'm going to say you know what minimal my column should be three
hundred pixels and then comma and then what would be the max.
Well the max could be one fraction.
So has my screen size gets bigger.
Course I would want them to be evenly spaced but as my screen size gets smaller I wouldn't want my second
column to be less than 300 pixels.
Let's save it.
And you're going to notice right away that there is going to be a massive massive second column.
Now in my case obviously it's also because I have zoomed in.
So let me zoom out.
But then as our screen size gets bigger.
Notice of course they have each of them a fraction.
So they're growing together.
But as my screen size gets smaller you're going to check it out that the first and the third are going
to get less and less so that you can shrink and shrink harder.
The second one is going to stay big because we did set up this min max function with a value of let's
say 300.
Now let's change it to four and then for sure we're going to see where the first one and the third one
are much more smaller.
But the second one is not going to shrink.
This is going to be very useful when we're going to try to set up a column layout without the media
queries.
So essentially we would want to use a media query.
We would just want to set up some kind of values using them in Max.
And the worry we're gonna get there in fact we're going to get there as we start working with our CSX
grid.
Many projects but essentially this would be a min max function where we can pass a minimal value on
a maximum value.
And that way our column or our row is not going to go below this first value the minimal.
But it's going to stay up all the way to the max value that we specified.
And in most cases that probably is going to be a fraction of value.